Java:
    Java is a class-based, object-oriented programming language. It is intended to let application developers
    write once, and run anywhere (WORA), meaning that compiled Java code can run on all platforms that support 
    Java without the need for recompilation. 

1. JDK (Java Development Kit) is a Kit that provides the environment to develop and execute(run) the Java program.
    JDK is a kit(or package) that includes two things
    Development Tools(to provide an environment to develop your java programs)
    JRE (to execute your java program).

2. JRE (Java Runtime Environment) is an installation package, libraries that provides an environment to only run(not develop)
    the java program(or application)onto your machine. JRE is only used by those who only want to run Java programs that
    are end-users of your system.

3. JVM (Java Virtual Machine) is a very important part of both JDK and JRE because it is contained or inbuilt in both.
    Whatever Java program you run using JRE or JDK goes into JVM and JVM is responsible for executing the java program
    line by line, hence it is also known as an interpreter.

Variables:
    A variable is a container which holds the value.

        Types:
            Local, Instance, Static

            Local Variable:
                A variable declared inside the body of the method is called local variable. You can use this
                variable only within that method and the other methods in the class aren't even aware that the variable exists.

            Instance Variable:
                Instance variables are declared in a class, but outside a method, constructor or any block.
                Instance variables are created when an object is created with the use of the keyword 'new' and destroyed
                when the object is destroyed.

            Static Variable:
                The keyword "Static" is used for defining a static method or a static property of a class. The benefit of a
                static method is that we do not need to create an instance or object of the class. It does not have multiple values.
                It will have a single static value defined during initialization.

DataTypes:

    Primitive:
        Integer, Float, Character, Boolean

        Integer
        *int- 4 bytes
        *long- 8 bytes
        *short- 2 bytes
        *byte- 1 byte

        Float
        *float- 4 bytes
        *double- 8 bytes

        Character
        *char- 2bytes

Class:
    Class is a blue print or logical template for an object that defines the properties of an object and method.
Object:
    A object is a member (also called an instance) of a Java class. Each object has an identity, a behavior and a state.
    The state of an object is stored in fields (variables), while methods (functions) display the object's behavior.

Method Overloading:
    Method Overloading allows different methods to have the same name, but different signatures where the signature
    can differ by the number of input parameters or type of input parameters, or a mixture of both.

    Method overloading in Java is also known as Compile-time Polymorphism, Static Polymorphism, or Early binding.
    In Method overloading compared to the parent argument, the child argument will get the highest priority.

    Array:
        Array is a data structure consisting of a collection of elements (values or variables), of same memory size,
        each identified by index or key.